RUM Auto-instrumentation (#25947)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/automatic_setup.md

Reviewer: @dmehala 
to describe:
* What to do to check if injector installed.
* Include explanations of any common or known error logs/messages
* To talk about what to do when the installer is not working, I will work with @rtrieu to include those instructions.

Reviewer: Hey @rtrieu we can add this conext when @dmehala comes back.

---
title: RUM Browser Monitoring Automatic Instrumentation
beta: true
further_reading:
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/explorer/'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about the RUM Explorer'
- link: '/logs/log_collection/javascript/'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about the Datadog Browser SDK for Logs'
---

{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/private-beta/rum-sdk-auto-injection/" btn_hidden="false" header="Access the Preview!">}}
RUM Auto-Injection in Preview. Sign up for access!
{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/browser/auto-instrumentation-1.png" alt="Select Auto-Instrumentation when creating a new application." >}}

> Datadog RUM Auto-Instrumentation lets you opt into Real User Monitoring before automatically instrumenting all of your applications with Real User Monitoring. If you are interested in manual instrumentation per application, see [Custom Instrumentation][1].

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog RUM Auto-Instrumentation lets you opt into Real User Monitoring (RUM) automatically by instrumenting web applications served through a web server or proxy. If you are interested in manual instrumentation per application, see [Custom Instrumentation][1].
```

RUM Auto-Instrumentation works by injecting a RUM SDK JS scriptlet into the headers of the HTML responses being served through a web server/proxy.

> After your applications have been instrumented, you can begin managing your RUM configurations per RUM application in Datadog or through Terraform.

Reviewer: Hey @rtrieu, maybe we can get rid of the line "After your applications have been instrumented, you can begin managing your RUM configurations per RUM application in Datadog or through Terraform". this currently is not available.

> After your applications have been instrumented, you can begin managing your RUM configurations per RUM application in Datadog or through Terraform.

Author: ```suggestion
After your applications have been instrumented, you can begin configuring your RUM application in Datadog.
```

3. Follow the prompts and accept the license agreement.
4. Set your Session and Session Replay sample rates. See [guidance on configuring sampling][1].
5. Copy and run the config command shown for each IIS site that you wish to inject RUM into.

[1]: /real_user_monitoring/guide/best-practices-for-rum-sampling/

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Using the command line" level="h4" %}}

1. Run the Powershell command line as an administrator.
2. Set your Session and Session Replay sample rates. See [guidance on configuring sampling][1].
3. Copy and run the config command shown for each IIS site that you wish to inject RUM into.

[1]: /real_user_monitoring/guide/best-practices-for-rum-sampling/

{{% /collapse-content %}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/list/create/

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Updating your RUM application

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Nginx" %}}

To update your RUM Application, update your Datadog RUM configs in your `NGINX.conf` file.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Windows IIS" %}}

To update your RUM application, update the Datadog RUM configs file for the IIS site that you instrumented.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Limitations

Reviewer 2: I believe we may be overlooking a significant limitation: currently, it's only possible to configure one RUM Application at a time. What are your thoughts on this, @sarjyusuf?

Reviewer: Hey yes, you're right. I mean its not entirely true but maybe we can have another section to talk about multiple app instrumenetation  NIGNX server blocks as advanced readings.
